BigQuery job_link_info_level_log (#8657)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/bigquery-setup.md

</File>

#### job_link_info_level_log

By default, BigQuery job links are logged at the debug level, which means they only appear when running dbt with the `--debug` flag. This can make it difficult to look for the corresponding job in the BigQuery console.

> Starting <Constant name="core" /> v1.11, you can configure dbt to log BigQuery job links at the info level by setting `job_link_info_level_log: true` in your BigQuery profile. This makes the job links visible in dbt logs, making it easier to access the BigQuery console for debugging and monitoring.

Reviewer: > Starting Constant name="core"   v1.11

this is a dbt-bigquery adapter profile setting.

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8657/changes/ee76526b9acf162651893f8f4adf377274876024 Please check. Thanks!

</File>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.12">

#### job_link_info_level_log

> By default, BigQuery job links are logged at the debug level, which means they only appear when running dbt with the `--debug` flag. This can make it difficult to look for the corresponding job in the BigQuery console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, `dbt-bigquery` logs BigQuery job links at the debug level, so they only appear when you run dbt with the `--debug` flag. This can make it harder to find the corresponding job in the BigQuery console.

To log job links at the info level instead, set `job_link_info_level_log: true` in your BigQuery profile. 

With this enabled, job links appear in dbt logs, giving you quicker access to the BigQuery console for debugging and monitoring.
```
